to create schema i need to know what are the entities and atttributes similar to er diagram
1. user 
    a. user_id primary key 
    b. name
    c. password
    d. email
    e. posts ( questions ) foreign key 
    f. comments ( answers )
    g. reposts
    h. profile
2. question 
    a. question_id primary key 
    b. user_id foreign key 
    c. comments
    d. upvotes 
    e. downvotes 
    f. number of reposts  
    (and maybe related questions recommended my ml algos) 
3. answer
    a. upvote

    b. downvote
    c. user_id ( foreign key )
    d. comment_id primary key 
    e. replies ( this could be implemented using trees like they are also
                comments but in response to another comment as they are recursive)


now in mongo db everyone has _id thing right....
    so we can basically correspond foreign keys and responsive attributes as arrays 
so this makes it simpler 

user 
    name   
    email
    password
    profile
question
    title 
    body 
    author
    upvotes
    downvotes
answer 
    body 
    author
    question
    upvotes 
    downvotes


hence we can store relationship between entities and attributes in always child entity


now we have decided the schema and we know that user will login frequently and wants
longer sessions so we will use JWT auth for the validation of the user 

so the flow is like 
we will receive 
    name
    email
    password
from req.body();
if email already exists then the user is already registered and they should login.
if its not registered
    REGISTER
    then bcrypt the password 
    create new user in db
    generate JWT token
    send token to the user 
    then for each request requested by user 
    if the http request contains a token header 
    where the hash generated by the same JWT key is equal 
    then the request is processed and hence we authenticate every request 

    LOGIN
    recieve email and password from req.body();
    find user by email if not found return error
    Compare submitted password with hashed password
    if wrong then return error
    Generate a JWT Token
    Send token and user data back to frontend

    so structure is like 
    controllers
        authcontroller -> logic is implemented here
    routes
        authroute.js -> URL mapping is implemented here
    
    now the auth is implemented and we want to verify the user at each requet so that only authenticated 
    user can access some of the routes these routes which only can be accessed by authenticated user are
    called PROTECTED routes
    now we need a middleware to verify this 
    so we will implement a authmidleware to protect the routes

    now middle ware is done and we need to design the question/answer routes 
    so they will have multiple methods
    so while posting a answer or a question we need to verify user
    and we need details of author too
    so we will fetch the details of author from server only 
    (we got data in the payload )
    and then we can deal with our question route 
    we can freely make them public or protected 

    so the route structure for question looks like

    GET    /api/questions      -> getAllQuestions  (public) 
    GET    /api/questions/:id  -> getQuestion      (public)
    POST   /api/questions      -> createQuestion   (protected)
    DELETE /api/questions/:id  -> deleteQuestion   (protected)
    

    Implementing Immediate Login feature
    so the flow looks like this for implementing it 
        1. User submits the register from
        2. Frontend calls POST /api/auth/register
        3. If status is 201 frontend should store it the returned token somwhere ( generally in local storage or in form of cookie)
        4. then frontend updates auth-state
        5. Do not call login again after register.

        okay so now i have implemented answer route , question route and auth routes 
        my backend is complete and more feature i will implement later 
        so what i learnt while implementing these where
            decide the function of our application 
            then decide routes 
            then decide what all http method does it reqiure 
            then write functions in controller and routes in routes and use router module 
                 2 key learnings from here were that 
                 1. whenever you use req.params.someid in controller's function
                    this someid should be equal to that id which is in the routes of it 
                 2. always keep the specific routes before the dynamic/general routes 
                    and inorder to avoid confilcts the ordering of routes matters a lot 
            now after doing that protect the required route using authmiddleware
        

        now i will work with frontend and then we will connect both.